Alkiln updates 2 (#287)
SuffolkLITLab/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation: docs/automated_testing.md

    When I set the variable "court_date" to "today + 12"
```

You can also use environment variables to set values with [the `secret variables` Step](#secret-variables-step), even if the value doesn't need to be secret.

---

<span id="secret-variables-step">The `secret variables` Step</span> can set variables that have sensitive information. For example, a password. The value of this variable will not appear anywhere in the report or in the console. Also, you will be unable to take a screenshot of the page.

> This is a complex Step to use. You **must** use a GitHub "secret" to store the value. To learn how to create and add a secret for the test, see the [GitHub secrets section](#github-secrets).

Reviewer: This isn't true, since you can use any env var set through the workflow. It's kinda hard to separate the concepts though, given how intertwined everything is. Don't have any suggestions, other than getting rid of the word "must":

```suggestion
This is a complex Step to use. You can use a GitHub "secret" to store the value. To learn how to create and add a secret for the test, see the [GitHub secrets section](#github-secrets).
```

When you want to update to a new version of the ALKiln, update that sha manually.

### Set ALKiln's npm version

> This one requires prior technical knowledge. Feel free to ask us.

Reviewer: I like the idea, but not sure if I like the presentation of these "technical knowledge" headers specifically, the one line disclaimer for such a small section, repeated through the page. 
Might have to wait until we start splitting up this documentation (which is already pretty long).

At the least, here's a suggestion for the phrasing:
```suggestion
This section requires prior technical knowledge about [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-npm). Feel free to [ask us](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/#get-involved) about any questions you might have.
```

Author: If I recall correctly, it also needs knowledge of workflow files. I'm not sure where to point them to for that.

```suggestion
This section requires prior technical knowledge about [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-npm) and GitHub workflow files. Feel free to [ask us](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/#get-involved) about any questions you might have.
```

Reviewer: Good point, though I think we describe a lot about workflow files elsewhere in this page. But it's a little scattered.

```suggestion
This section requires prior technical knowledge about [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-npm) and [GitHub workflow files](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions). Feel free to [ask us](https://suffolklitlab.org/docassemble-AssemblyLine-documentation/docs/#get-involved) about any questions you might have.
```

> You can use an exact npm version of ALKiln by using your workflow file's `ALKILN_VERSION` input. The default uses a carat, for example `^4.0.0`. That means it will use the latest minor or patch in version 4 of ALKiln. You can instead use a specific version, for example `4.3.0`. See our section on [setting optional inputs](#optional-inputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use an exact npm version of ALKiln by using your workflow file's `ALKILN_VERSION` input. The default uses a carat, for example `^4.0.0`. That means it will use the latest minor or patch in version 4 of ALKiln. You can instead use an exact version, for example `4.3.0`. See our section on [setting optional inputs](#optional-inputs).
```

### GitHub secrets

<!-- TODO: Rearrange - Maybe use this section to refer to another section that is more focused on setting arbitrary environment variables in general -->

> You can use GitHub secrets to set environment variable values with sensitive information. For example, a password. The value of this variable will not appear anywhere in the report or in the console. You also will be unable to take a screenshot of the page and ALKiln will avoid taking an error screenshot.

Reviewer: A think I'm realizing is that most people don't know what environment variables are. Can be addressed later though.

Author: Link GitHub docs about env vars where they're mentioned.

```yml
jobs:
```

If this is the first environment variable you're adding, right above that line add a new line like this:

```yml
env:
```

4. Whenever you want to add a secret, add a new line under `env:` indented once as shown below:

```yml
  USER_PASSWORD: "${{ secrets.USER_PASSWORD }}"
```

`USER_PASSWORD` is just a placeholder in our example. You can name your secrets whatever you want to. Make sure you use the same words as the GitHub secret you made.

5. Write your Step and use the names of these secrets as the values.

If you're not worried about keeping the information secure, you don't have to use a GitHub secret - you can just put the value straight into your workflow file like this:

```yml
  MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SERVER_RELOAD: "300"
```

ALKiln will still avoid printing this value and avoid taking screenshots when it is used. There is no way ALKiln can tell which environment variables have sensitive information and which ones are safe.

All together, this section can look similar to this:

```yml
env:
  USER_PASSWORD: "${{ secrets.USER_PASSWORD }}"
  MAX_SECONDS_FOR_SERVER_RELOAD: "300"

jobs:
```

## Your workflow file

> This whole section is very technical. Feel free to ask us questions.

Reviewer: I'd remove this line. The top level section isn't actually very technical, and could help people understand what this file is, and I'm afraid it might scare people off.

Moving it to the end of the top level section (before `Required inputs`) would be useful.

**What does it do?**

Among other things, the workflow file:

- Triggers the ALKiln tests when desired, like when you push new code to your package.
- Gives ALKiln inputs that are needed to run your tests.
- Optionally gives ALKiln other inputs and environment variables it can use.

You can also use the whole suite of GitHub's workflow and action functionality to do other things, like creating issues when tests fail.

### Required inputs

The setup interview should have helped you create these required `inputs` and their values. They are in the `jobs:` section. They look something like this:

```yml
        with:
          SERVER_URL: "${{ secrets.SERVER_URL }}"
          DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY: "${{ secrets.DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY }}"
```

`SERVER_URL` is the url of the docassemble server the tests should run on.

`DOCASSEMBLE_DEVELOPER_API_KEY` is the API key that you created for the account on your server that will store the Project in the Playground while the tests are being run. You probably created this in the setup interview. Alternatively, your organization admin may have created it.

> We recommend keeping the API key a GitHub secret for security reasons, but the server url can be type in plainly. For example `SERVER_URL: "https://apps-test.suffolklitlab.com"`.

Reviewer: IMO it's not best practice to use our real URLs in docs, but I'm kinda paranoid there 😅 
```suggestion
We recommend keeping the API key a GitHub secret for security reasons, but the server url can be type in plainly. For example `SERVER_URL: "https://apps-test.example.com"`.
```
